# GridSender
Hello and welcome to GridSender! The tool made to optimize emailing 
through the SMTP provider SendGrid.

## Installation

Install it yourself as:

    $ gem install gridSender

## Usage

GridSender was made to better categorize emailing campaigns and track 
users within each campaign. It allows a user to assign each campaign a 
category of their choosing, which allows them to keep campaigns separate 
and deliver better reporting. It also allows a user to set a sleeptime 
between each email to be sent. Setting a sleeptime throttles the number 
of requests sent to the SMTP server, which is specified in seconds. 
(e.g. sleeptime: 5)

GridSender runs using a config file under the lib/bin folder. Edit this 
file to specify the apiKey, fromAddress, email subject, campaign 
category, email template, email target list, UIDs file, and sleeptime. 
The email template, target list, and UIDs file fields may be given a 
file path; therefore these files can be located in separate directories. 
(e.g. templateFile: '/home/user/path/to/template.hbs') Notice that these 
fields are captured in single quotes. The apiKey field also requires 
single quotes.


**NOTE THAT GRIDSENDER MUST BE RUN IN THE SAME FOLDER WHICH THE CONFIG 
FILE IS LOCATED**

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. 
You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow 
you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake 
install`. To release a new version, update the version number in 
`version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create 
a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the 
`.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at 
https://github.com/[USERNAME]/gridSender.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT 
License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

